

Graphic Era Hill University (GEHU) is a private university with 3 campuses located in Dehradun, Haldwani and Bhimtal, Uttarakhand, India. The university is set up under Section 2(f) of the UGC Act, 1956 as the extension of the Graphic Era Educational Society, Dehradun GEHU Dehradun, Bhimtal, and Halwani campuses provide a range of co-curricular activities, cultural events, and social initiatives that help students to develop their skills, passions, and interests outside of the classroom.

In summary, GEHU's all three campuses at three different locations offer a world-class education and research experience that fosters innovation, diversity, and community. With a commitment to excellence in teaching and research, we are proud to be an important and much sought-after centre of learning and research, shaping the future of our students and our world.

DEHRADUN CAMPUS : Graphic Era Hill University is based in the magnificent and serene city of Dehradun, nestled in the valley surrounded by Rajaji National Park on one end and Clement Town Cantonment on the other. The University prides itself in its University regime that warrants the holistic development of all the students part of the Graphic Era Fraternity.

HALDWANI CAMPUS: The Graphic Era Hill University Haldwani campus, located in the bustling commercial market, combines natural beauty with urban excitement. It features an impressive amphitheater, lively cafeterias, sports fields, a grand library, well-equipped labs, computer centers, and dynamic lecture theatres.

BHIMTAL CAMPUS : GEHU Bhimtal campus, nestled in the Kumaon foothills, offers a serene environment with academic, research, and administrative facilities. It includes student accommodation, an Open Air Theatre, cafeteria, play fields, library, computer centers, and well-designed lecture theatres. Bhimtal is well-connected to major cities by road and rail.


founded by Graphic Era Hill University was founded in 2011 in Dehradun by Dr. Kamal Ghanshala with the goal of providing world class-education with a clear focus on cutting-edge technologies, professional development of students, critical thinking and quality research. The University has achieved numerous milestones in its glorious past on the basis of its academic rigor, consistently Top Performing Students and Alumni and an immensely strong and qualified teaching fraternity.

courses Aspirants are offered courses in different streams of study such as Engineering and Architecture, Sciences, Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences, Animation and Design, Commerce, Computer Application, and IT. GEHU Dehradun course includes Diploma, GEHU Dehradun UG courses include B.E/B.Tech., B.Sc(Hons)., B.Com (Hons)., B.Des., B.Arch., B.Pharma., B.A.L.L.B., B.B.A.L.L.B., and GEHU Dehradun PG courses are M.B.A., M.Sc., M.C.A., M.E/M.Tech and Ph.D. is the doctoral course offered at the university. 

All the GEHU Dehradun courses are offered full-time for a duration of two, three, four, and six years. Aspirants meeting the prerequisites as prescribed by the university are eligible to apply.


PLACEMENTS : Graphic Era has been delivering the Highest Number of Tier-1 Placements in the region, Year on Year, for the past many years with the maximum number of selection in Global Giants like Amazon, Adobe, Microsoft and Google for more details visit https://dehradun.gehu.ac.in/placements/.

 The purpose The chatbot is purposed to assist users with inquiries related to the Computer Science and Engineering department at Graphic Era Hill University.

To check results: Step 1: Log in to the ERP: https://student.gehu.ac.in Step 2: Click on the Exam button Step 3: Click on Result button Step 4: Select the semester Step 5: Now you can download the PDF.

To contact the department You can contact the department by reaching out to the provided contact information on the official website or through designated communication channels The department website can be found at https://btechcsegehu.in.

For time table visit the department website https://btechcsegehu.in.